{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;}
\pard\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ul \ulc0 \obliqueness0 \expansion0 Location
\f1\b0 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f0\b \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ul \ulc0 \obliqueness0 \expansion0 Suggested Wording
\f1\b0 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f0\b \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ul \ulc0 \obliqueness0 \expansion0 Comment\
\
\pard\tx280\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a5
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Abstract 1st paragraph	Cooperative Bug Isolation (CBI) is a technique for 	\
\pard\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	identifying the causes of program failure. The CBI  	\
	instrumentation evaluates and records the truth or 	\
	falsehood of a relational  formula, e.g., x < 0, at a 	\
	given point in a program. The values recorded during 	\
	a single execution of a program form the program's 	\
	record. Multiple records of program execution, 	\
	including runs that terminated correctly as well as 	\
	runs that did not, are collected. The set of records is 	\
	then analyzed using a variety of statistical and 	\
	machine learning techniques to determine the 	\
	causes of the failing executions.	\
\pard\tx280\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a5
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Abstract 2nd paragraph	Previously, CBI analyses have considered each 	\
\pard\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	atomic formula separately. Intuition suggest that 	\
	forming more complex Boolean formulae from the 	\
	simple instrumentation formulae might yield more 	\
	useful bug predictors. We show that such complex 	\
	Boolean formulae can be more informative and more 	\
	readily identified by statistical analyses as significant 	\
	bug predictors than the atomic formulae of which they 	\
	are composed.	\
\pard\tx280\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a5
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Abstract 3rd paragraph	Forming all possible binary combinations of atomic 	\
\pard\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	formulae clearly causes an exponential increase in 	\
	the number of formulae that must be analyzed. We 	\
	have developed a low cost technique based on 	\
	program structure for eliminating formulae that would 	\
	in any case be eliminated by the more costly 	\
	statistical or machine learning analyses.	\
\pard\tx280\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a5
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Abstract 4th paragraph	A particular strength of CBI is that it employs sparse 	\
\pard\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	random sampling. This technique reduces the 	\
	overhead of instrumentation so that regular users are 	\
	willing to run the instrumented programs. At the same 	\
	time, the sampling is random in a formal statistical 	\
	sense and thus the generated reports are appropriate 	\
	subjects for the CBI statistical analyses. We discuss 	\
	the interactions of sparse random sampling and our 	\
	analysis.	\
\pard\tx1347\tx1907\tx2467\tx3027\tx3587\tx4147\tx4707\tx5267\tx5827\tx6387\tx6947\tx7507\li787\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i\fs22 \cf2 This topic is discussed in the existing abstract but it might be that it is a detail that should be left out entirely since one has to introduce a whole  new subject for it to make sense.\
\pard\tx280\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\i0\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a5
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Page 2 right column		In several \
\pard\tx3840\tx9820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
		paragraphs a \
		_predictor_ is \
		described as \
		being or not being \
		"sound" or  \
		"complete". I think \
		this is incorrect \
		usage and that \
		only the analysis \
		can be "sound" or \
		"complete". \
}